Update Snapshots page (#535)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/troubleshooting/faq/what-is-archive.mdx

---
layout: "../../../layouts/FAQLayout.astro"
sidebar: { hide: true }
title: What is an archive?
section: "uiTestsAndReview"
---

# What is an archive?

An **archive** is a self-contained, re-renderable HTML “snapshot” of your UI captured during Playwright or Cypress tests. It contains all the assets and data required to re-render your app UI for Chromatic’s [**Visual Tests**](/docs/test) and [**UI Review**](/docs/review) features.

> The archives generated during each test run can be accessed through the Chromatic web app and are fully inspectable, enabling you to troubleshoot changes and errors effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The archives generated during each test run can be accessed through the Chromatic web app and are fully inspectable, enabling you to troubleshoot changes and errors in your own browser (without needing to run Playwright or Cypress again).
```
